DATA INTERVIEW: STEP ONE. ANDREA: Have you thought about what kind of data you want to share? It may very well be that your current consent or release forms or any forms you have may allow you to share past datasets on databrary. (open a conversation about already permissioned data) PI: I’d like to share everything I can share. What can I share on databrary?Lisa: Let me see your forms,  (evolution of forms) Action items for PIs: Where are there IRB protocols? Can past release forms be okayed by the IRB? A: Who in your lab or what other collaborators do you want to share edit/viewing access with?  Have you thought about what kind of data you want to share? – open a conversation if they already have permissioned data? It may very well be that your current consent or release forms or any other forms you have may allow you share on databrary. -I’d like to share everything I can share, what can I share on databrary?L:Let me see your forms?	K-Permissioned going back many years? Ask Alison about Karen’s forms. Grandfathered in Cathie’s forms, will these forms also suffice	L-Evolution of forms?Start with evolution of forms before organization files, first conversation Lisa talk to PI about IRB Karen to figure out what her consents forms are going back Another thing: which permission form went with which participant. Copies of blank forms. Post permission form but not share it, just available to PI who uploads it. To do on PI: where IRB protocols are.  If they have a record, a record with yearly amendments. Map those release forms into studies. Matching up forms to participantsEthno-where is it? Release forms- what can be okayed by the past? Do you have any multi-visit or longitudinal studies where you have same participants you want to keep track of?Two or three sentence description of data. Who in your lab/collab do you want to share edit/access with?  Any or all of those people access to whole library. Organizaiton/tags/date/birthdays/date/anything else. Here’s a list that’s already on other users.